I want to show you something because
this is a real warning that was put out
by the Food and Drug Administration this
week we did not make this up this is on
the FDA website right now the Food and
Drug Administration is advising
consumers not to purchase or use big
penis a product promoted for sexual
enhancement has an official warning from
the FDA ever had the words big penis and
this may have been a first this is the
stimulant in question according to FDA
these pills have a hidden ingredient
that could have dangerous side effects
including a sharp decrease in blood
pressure and freaking out at a Long
Island bagel shop so products like this
deaths attributed to them the product is
called big penis USA and but I'm not
sure it's from the USA because I did a
google search this is one in the ads I
found so okay so this is the can you
zoom in a little bit on the thing okay
right now okay now it looks like I'm the
spokesperson for them this is how they
sell this supposedly American product it
says improve male sexual capacity
effective treatment impotence premature
ejaculation improved sexual life quality
hearing speed solution men of secret
sorrow
according to United States expert John
doctor of research crude men and woman
reached climax of time it does not as of
both exist must time poor men as long as
can shot one can reach climax women may
from time to time at to as they needs a
long time strongly stimulate needs
continued longtime passion campaign 68%
of female average need time up 8 minutes
above to reach climax and 45% of women
average need 12 minutes about to reach
to climax but 75% above of male they too
hot-tempered we reached out to the
company and with us joining us live via
satellite tonight is the CEO and founder
of big penis USA Vince dürfen and let's
say hello - hello mr. dürfen that's not
mr. dürfen call me big penis well I own
big penis and the company's named after
me oh how about I call you Vince fine
okay well first of all Vince I just read
a statement off the big penis USA
website and it seemed like it had been
translated badly from another language
are you guys really an American company
you bet you're engorge Washington we are
we are as American as apple soup all
right well so do you agree with the
FDA's assessment that you are misleading
customers I do oh you do yes and we are
very sorry about not disclosing the
active ingredient in big penis that was
an oversight and is not in any way
reflect traditional big penis values
okay that's good that's what our
traditional big penis value is just out
of curiosity well it's a commitment to
give you an MVP II and I yes I see
I founded this company to give men a
raging meat monster so big and full it
could black out the Sun all I wanted to
do is to give the fellows of the world a
big muscular ding-dong a one-eyed
trouser controller so big you could
strap it into your passenger seat and
ride with it in the carpool lane that is
Big Jim good lord what a wonderful time
to be alone really is yeah by the way
I'm not sitting on a chair right now oh
my goodness but just to get back to the
dangers products like this they say
could cause serious health problems
possibly even death that people don't
know what's in it
they can yeah
well that's no good but I say it's a
small price to pay for big penis we give
men a chance to have an elephant in
their pants
I see penis is so big they were reading
at the sixth-grade level something you'd
have to carry around in a duffel bag a
duffle bag oh yeah Lord what a wonderful
time it's worth repeating James yes yes
yes you sent me does your penis have abs
I know it does not can you claim it as a
dependent I don't think so
well I can't what you can yes oh my
goodness is that
is that what it is that a satisfied
customer yeah I once saw eat a whole
baby pig oh my god
isn't he a magnificent now listen this
is taking a bit of a turn I I thought
you're gonna apologize to apologize for
when you've got a five star banana condo
like this I don't know you know goodbye
Vince thank you Bob all right
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry